README.md, before:

# Rustl
This is my first attempt at both doing something with Rust and making an interpreter for a simple language.

The actual language could be defined as a LISP dialect.

## Usage

Just clone the repository to a folder and run

    cargo run

You'll see the REPL:

	Lispr interpreter - v 0.1
	^C to exit

At the moment the language is pretty basic, it can only evaluate single
expressions wrapped by parenthesis.

There is no proper grammar, nor a proper parser, both are things that I
might add in the future.

Supported operations are

- Simple math: `+ - * /`
- Simple comparisons on numbers: `< > <= >= =`
- The keywords
  - `do`: executes the following expressions and returns the last one.
  - `def!`: will set a variable.
  - `if`: will evaluate an expression and execute another if that is true.
  - `lambda`: creates a new closure with the parameters and specified body.

You can write expressions using the *convenient* polish notation.

```
>> (+ 12 (- 1 2 3))
8
```

Set variables and use them later

```
>> (def! half 21)
nil
>> (def! answer (* half 2))
nil
>> answer
42
```

Do *wonderfully pointless* stuff with conditions!
```
>> (if (= answer 42) (#t))
[#t]
```

Or, you know, use functions (only lambda keyword at the moment):

```
>> (def! max (lambda (a b) (if (> a b) a b ) ) )
nil
>> (max 21 42)
42
```

Commit message:

added "list" keyword for list building

README.md, after:

# Rustl
This is my first attempt at both doing something with Rust and making an interpreter for a simple language.

The actual language could be defined as a LISP dialect.

## Usage

Just clone the repository to a folder and run

    cargo run

You'll see the REPL:

	Lispr interpreter - v 0.1
	^C to exit

At the moment the language is pretty basic, it can only evaluate single
expressions wrapped by parenthesis.

There is no proper grammar, nor a proper parser, both are things that I
might add in the future.

Supported operations are

- Simple math: `+ - * /`
- Simple comparisons on numbers: `< > <= >= =`
- The keywords
  - `list`: returns a list with the arguments provided
  - `do`: executes the following expressions and returns the last one.
  - `def!`: will set a variable.
  - `if`: will evaluate an expression and execute another if that is true.
  - `lambda`: creates a new closure with the parameters and specified body.

You can write expressions using the *convenient* polish notation.

```
>> (+ 12 (- 5 2))
15
```

Set variables and use them later

```
>> (def! half 21)
nil
>> (def! answer (* half 2))
nil
>> answer
42
```

Do *wonderfully pointless* stuff with conditions!
```
>> (if (= answer 42) #t)
#t
```

Or, you know, use functions (only lambda keyword at the moment):

```
>> ( def! max (lambda (a b) (if (> a b) a b)) )
nil
>> (max 21 42)
42
```
